yo what is going on guys my name is doom
I mean but you can just call me Jeff
coming in guys with a 34 gunstreak baidu
frosty using the 44 Magnum in hardcore
domination this game play is on the map
octane and it's pretty awesome gameplay
the amount of accuracy that these guys
have when they play this game is insane
like you'll see throughout this game
play his accuracy is crazy right on
point with almost every single shot it's
just crazy so this gameplay is pretty
awesome and it is by doom ferocity as I
said so if you enjoyed the gameplay and
you want to see more of this guy
definitely go on and head over to his
channel his link will be in the
description he's got some awesome
commentaries and gameplays and things
like that on his channel so definitely
check out his channel as well as mine
they'll both be in the description so
today what we're going to be talking
about is some common gaming
misconceptions basically things that
people say about gamers that are not
necessarily true and things that usually
piss off gamers and I'm gonna be
covering all the most popular ones if
you guys have any that you think of that
I don't mention this video be sure to
leave them down in the comments below
and yeah we'll see what you guys have to
say so one of the first things that I
think people say about gaming that isn't
necessarily true is if you're good that
just means you play a lot this thing
really pisses me off or this one really
pisses me off because like for example
the guy in this gameplay he's obviously
really good at call of duty and that's
not just because he plays all the time
that's because he practices that's
because he probably learns the routes of
people that's it it's a lot of factors
that play into being good at a video
game not just call of duty any video
game for that matter and it's like when
people say you're only good because you
play a lot it's not really true you have
to be pretty smart you have to be like I
don't know there's a lot of stuff you
have to be able to do to be able to be
good at a video game not just play lot
obviously playing a lot will help you
get better but it's not just that you
have to be smart used to be as I said
anything it's really it anything really
helps into becoming a better video gamer
if that's what you want to call it and
it's not just playing a lot alright the
next thing that people say that is
really untrue in my opinion is that
gaming makes you stupid there's actually
been studies that have proven that
gaming can make you smart and bring out
your creative side more and also it can
do things little things like increase
your reaction time do stuff like that
like a game like Call of Duty can really
help practice your reaction time as well
as bring out your creative side for a
game maybe like minecraft or something
like that that can make you access
creative part of your mind or your brain
and really be able to put it into the
world real world or in real world of
video games I guess and I just really
practice it and then use it in the real
world and it's just when people say
gaming makes you stupid it really
doesn't make sense they really have
nothing to back that up and it's just
definitely one of the common
misconceptions that people think alright
the next one that I really disagree with
is that gaming causes violence I have my
own take on this I'm gonna let you guys
know what it is so basically i think
that people that are naturally violent
will like violent video games just
because they're naturally a violent
person an aggressive person i don't
think that gaming creates a violent
person I think that everyone can handle
violence and if you're not a naturally
violent person you'll be able to manage
that like a violent person is always
going to be a violent person you know
that's just how you naturally are if
you're like that and gaming is gonna be
fun for you because the violence in it I
in no way or shape or form believe that
gaming makes a person violent I don't
think that at all I think someone's
naturally born violent and that's just a
trade or a gene you can have from when
you're born and I definitely don't agree
with that one at all now one of the most
common ones is that gamers are unethical
out of shape I cannot tell you guys how
many people I've met that are very
athletic people that are gamers for
example I'm friends with one of the kids
on the varsity high school football team
at my school and he's a huge gamer he
likes the game all the time but he
actually is on the varsity football team
and he actually plays wide receiver so
he's a very athletic kid but he also
does play video games all the time with
me and my friends and he's a huge gamer
and he's also a varsity football player
that's just one example of kids that can
be athletic and game at the same time
obviously there are gonna be some
unearth letak or out of shape kids that
do game but that's just like anything
else in the world any other hobby in the
world has kids like that or people like
that and it's not just gamers I mean
obviously there are going to be
unathletic kids and gaming but that's
not just that doesn't mean that they're
all like that there's definitely some
people that are in shape and stuff like
that for gaming and then lastly probably
the biggest one is that gamers are have
no friends and are anti-social this one
is like really gets on my nerves because
it's like I can't tell you how many
people I've met in gaming that are so
social like Ivan I've met countless
people on xbox that I mean
from through lobby that are other gamers
that I can relate to and being social is
just talking to someone you know and
when I'm in a lobby with people everyone
talks in the lobby and those are all
gamers usually in the lobby like in a
call of duty lobby when everyone meets
friends and stuff like that that's being
social and those are usually gamers that
are being social so it's just definitely
a misconception about gamers and also
that they have no friends like I can't
tell you how many gamers I know that
have a lot of friends and also gamers
that just like I talked to on Xbox and
stuff like that it's just there's so
much socializing that goes into gaming
and stuff like that it's really unfair
to say that gamers have no friends it's
just all these are pretty much unfair
it's just common stuff that just because
it happens to some gamers people say
that it's automatically like that for
all gamers and I don't know it's always
gonna be like that we're gaming is put
down in certain ways and us gamers know
that none of it is usually true and
ausgamers know that gaming is awesome
and it just really annoys me when people
say all these common things but yeah
those are pretty much like the top five
or six things that people say about
gamers that are not necessarily true as
I said if you guys have anything that
you want to add to this commentary or
any things that you want to add to my
list then be sure to put it down in the
comments below but anyways that's pretty
much all I got for you guys I hope you
enjoyed the gameplay if you did be sure
to head over to doom for us to these
channel as well as mine they'll both be
in the description and that's pretty
much all I got I will see you guys later
and peace